File name                     Graph size  Result
graph_1_0.1_1.txt             1           1         0         1         not found 
graph_1_0.1_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.1_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.2_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.3_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.4_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.5_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.6_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.7_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.8_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_0.9_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_1.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_10.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_11.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_12.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_13.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_14.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_15.txt            1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_2.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_3.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_4.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_5.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_6.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_7.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_8.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_1_1.0_9.txt             1           0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_1.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_0.1_10.txt           10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_11.txt           10          0         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_12.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_0.1_13.txt           10          0         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_14.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_15.txt           10          1         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_2.txt            10          0         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_3.txt            10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_4.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_0.1_5.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_0.1_6.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_7.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_8.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.1_9.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_1.txt            10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_10.txt           10          0         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_11.txt           10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_12.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_13.txt           10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.2_14.txt           10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_15.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_2.txt            10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.2_3.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_4.txt            10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_5.txt            10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.2_6.txt            10          0         1         0         not found 
graph_10_0.2_7.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_0.2_8.txt            10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.2_9.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_1.txt            10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.3_11.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_12.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.3_14.txt           10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.3_2.txt            10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.3_3.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_4.txt            10          1         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_5.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.3_6.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_7.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_8.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_0.3_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_1.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_11.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_12.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_2.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_4.txt            10          0         1         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_5.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_6.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_8.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.4_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_1.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_11.txt           10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_12.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_2.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_4.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_5.txt            10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_6.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_8.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.5_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_1.txt            10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_11.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_12.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_2.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_4.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_5.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_6.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_8.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.6_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_1.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_11.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_12.txt           10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.7_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_2.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_4.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_5.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_6.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_8.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.7_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_1.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_11.txt           10          0         0         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_12.txt           10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_13.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_2.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_4.txt            10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_5.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_6.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_8.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.8_9.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_1.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_10.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_11.txt           10          0         0         1         found     
graph_10_0.9_12.txt           10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_13.txt           10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_14.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_15.txt           10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_2.txt            10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_3.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_4.txt            10          1         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_5.txt            10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_6.txt            10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_7.txt            10          0         -         -         found     
graph_10_0.9_8.txt            10          0         0         0         found     
graph_10_0.9_9.txt            10          0         0         1         found     
graph_10_1.0_1.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_10.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_11.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_12.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_13.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_14.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_15.txt           10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_2.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_3.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_4.txt            10          0         0         2         not found 
graph_10_1.0_5.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_6.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_7.txt            10          0         0         1         not found 
graph_10_1.0_8.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_10_1.0_9.txt            10          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_1.txt            11          1         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_10.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_11.txt           11          0         1         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_12.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_13.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_14.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_15.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_2.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_3.txt            11          0         1         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_4.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.1_5.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_6.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_7.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_8.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.1_9.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_1.txt            11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.2_10.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_11.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_12.txt           11          4         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.2_13.txt           11          1         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_14.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_15.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_2.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_3.txt            11          1         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.2_4.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.2_6.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_7.txt            11          0         1         -         found     
graph_11_0.2_8.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.2_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_1.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_12.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.3_13.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_14.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.3_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_2.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_3.txt            11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_4.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.3_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_6.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.3_7.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_0.3_8.txt            11          4         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.3_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_1.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_12.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_13.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_14.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_2.txt            11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_3.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_4.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_6.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_7.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_8.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.4_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_1.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_12.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_13.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_14.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_2.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_3.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_4.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_6.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_7.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_8.txt            11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.5_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_1.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_12.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_13.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_14.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_2.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_3.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_4.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_6.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_7.txt            11          1         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_8.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.6_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_1.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_12.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_13.txt           11          1         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_14.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_2.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_3.txt            11          1         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_4.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_6.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_7.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_8.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.7_9.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_1.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.8_10.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_11.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_12.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_13.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_14.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_15.txt           11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_2.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_3.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_4.txt            11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.8_5.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_6.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_7.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_8.txt            11          0         -         -         found     
graph_11_0.8_9.txt            11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.9_1.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_10.txt           11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.9_11.txt           11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.9_12.txt           11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_13.txt           11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.9_14.txt           11          0         0         -         found     
graph_11_0.9_15.txt           11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_2.txt            11          0         0         4         found     
graph_11_0.9_3.txt            11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.9_4.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_5.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_6.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_7.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_0.9_8.txt            11          0         0         1         found     
graph_11_0.9_9.txt            11          0         0         0         found     
graph_11_1.0_1.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_1.0_10.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_1.0_11.txt           11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_11_1.0_12.txt           11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_11_1.0_13.txt           11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_11_1.0_14.txt           11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_1.0_15.txt           11          0         0         4         not found 
graph_11_1.0_2.txt            11          0         0         1         not found 
graph_11_1.0_3.txt            11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_11_1.0_4.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_1.0_5.txt            11          0         0         0         not found 
graph_11_1.0_6.txt            11          0         0         5         not found 
graph_11_1.0_7.txt            11          0         0         1         not found 
graph_11_1.0_8.txt            11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_11_1.0_9.txt            11          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_0.1_1.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_10.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_11.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_12.txt           12          1         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_13.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_14.txt           12          0         1         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_15.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_2.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_3.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_4.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_5.txt            12          1         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_6.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_7.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_8.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.1_9.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_1.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_10.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.2_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.2_12.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_13.txt           12          0         1         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_14.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.2_2.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.2_3.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_4.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_5.txt            12          0         0         -         found     
graph_12_0.2_6.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_7.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_8.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.2_9.txt            12          0         1         0         not found 
graph_12_0.3_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_10.txt           12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_12.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_14.txt           12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.3_15.txt           12          0         0         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_2.txt            12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_3.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_6.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_7.txt            12          0         0         0         not found 
graph_12_0.3_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.3_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_10.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_11.txt           12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_12.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_14.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_2.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_3.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_6.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_7.txt            12          0         0         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.4_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_10.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_12.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_14.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_2.txt            12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_3.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_6.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_7.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.5_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_10.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_12.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_14.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_2.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_3.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_6.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_7.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.6_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_10.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_12.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_14.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_2.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_3.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_6.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_7.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.7_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_1.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_10.txt           12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_11.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_12.txt           12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.8_13.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_14.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_15.txt           12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_2.txt            12          1         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_3.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.8_4.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.8_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_6.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.8_7.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_8.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.8_9.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.9_1.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_10.txt           12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_11.txt           12          0         0         1         found     
graph_12_0.9_12.txt           12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_13.txt           12          0         1         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_14.txt           12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_15.txt           12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_2.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.9_3.txt            12          0         0         1         found     
graph_12_0.9_4.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.9_5.txt            12          0         -         -         found     
graph_12_0.9_6.txt            12          0         0         1         found     
graph_12_0.9_7.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_8.txt            12          0         0         0         found     
graph_12_0.9_9.txt            12          0         1         -         found     
graph_12_1.0_1.txt            12          0         0         1         not found 
graph_12_1.0_10.txt           12          0         0         1         not found 
graph_12_1.0_11.txt           12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_12.txt           12          0         0         1         not found 
graph_12_1.0_13.txt           12          0         0         1         not found 
graph_12_1.0_14.txt           12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_15.txt           12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_2.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_3.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_4.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_5.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_6.txt            12          0         1         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_7.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_8.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_12_1.0_9.txt            12          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_0.1_1.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_10.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_11.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_12.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_13.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_14.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_15.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_2.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_3.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_4.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_5.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_6.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_7.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_8.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.1_9.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_1.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_10.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_12.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_13.txt           13          0         1         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_15.txt           13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_4.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_5.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_6.txt            13          1         0         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.2_8.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.2_9.txt            13          1         0         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_1.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_10.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_15.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_2.txt            13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_4.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_5.txt            13          0         0         0         not found 
graph_13_0.3_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_8.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.3_9.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_1.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_10.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_15.txt           13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_4.txt            13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_5.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_8.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.4_9.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_1.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_10.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_15.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_4.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_5.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_8.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.5_9.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_1.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_10.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_14.txt           13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_15.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_4.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_5.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_8.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.6_9.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_1.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.7_10.txt           13          0         1         0         found     
graph_13_0.7_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_15.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_3.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.7_4.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_5.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_8.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.7_9.txt            13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_1.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_10.txt           13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_11.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_14.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_15.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_2.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_3.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_4.txt            13          1         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_5.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.8_6.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_7.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.8_8.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.8_9.txt            13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.9_1.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_10.txt           13          0         0         1         found     
graph_13_0.9_11.txt           13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_12.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.9_13.txt           13          0         -         -         found     
graph_13_0.9_14.txt           13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_15.txt           13          0         0         1         found     
graph_13_0.9_2.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_3.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_4.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_5.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_6.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_7.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_8.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_0.9_9.txt            13          0         0         0         found     
graph_13_1.0_1.txt            13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_10.txt           13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_1.0_11.txt           13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_12.txt           13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_13.txt           13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_14.txt           13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_15.txt           13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_1.0_2.txt            13          0         0         1         not found 
graph_13_1.0_3.txt            13          0         0         3         not found 
graph_13_1.0_4.txt            13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_1.0_5.txt            13          0         0         1         not found 
graph_13_1.0_6.txt            13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_1.0_7.txt            13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_13_1.0_8.txt            13          0         0         1         not found 
graph_13_1.0_9.txt            13          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_0.1_1.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_10.txt           14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_11.txt           14          0         1         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_12.txt           14          0         0         -         found     
graph_14_0.1_13.txt           14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_14.txt           14          1         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_15.txt           14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_2.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_3.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_4.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_5.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_6.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_7.txt            14          0         1         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_8.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.1_9.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_1.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_10.txt           14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_11.txt           14          0         1         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_14.txt           14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_15.txt           14          1         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_2.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_3.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_4.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_5.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.2_6.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.2_9.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.3_1.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_14.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_3.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_4.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_5.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_6.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.3_9.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_1.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_10.txt           14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_14.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_3.txt            14          0         0         0         not found 
graph_14_0.4_4.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_5.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_6.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.4_9.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_1.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_14.txt           14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_3.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_4.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_5.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_6.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.5_9.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_1.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_14.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_3.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_4.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_5.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_6.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_8.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.6_9.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_1.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_12.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_14.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_3.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_4.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_5.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_6.txt            14          1         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.7_9.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_1.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_11.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_12.txt           14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.8_13.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_14.txt           14          0         0         1         found     
graph_14_0.8_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_2.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_3.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_4.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.8_5.txt            14          0         1         0         found     
graph_14_0.8_6.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_7.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_8.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.8_9.txt            14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.9_1.txt            14          0         0         1         found     
graph_14_0.9_10.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.9_11.txt           14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_12.txt           14          0         0         1         found     
graph_14_0.9_13.txt           14          0         0         1         found     
graph_14_0.9_14.txt           14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_15.txt           14          0         -         -         found     
graph_14_0.9_2.txt            14          0         1         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_3.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_4.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_5.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_6.txt            14          0         0         1         found     
graph_14_0.9_7.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_8.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_0.9_9.txt            14          0         0         0         found     
graph_14_1.0_1.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_10.txt           14          0         1         1         not found 
graph_14_1.0_11.txt           14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_12.txt           14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_13.txt           14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_14.txt           14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_15.txt           14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_2.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_3.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_4.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_5.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_6.txt            14          0         0         1         not found 
graph_14_1.0_7.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_8.txt            14          0         0         2         not found 
graph_14_1.0_9.txt            14          0         0         1         not found 
graph_15_0.1_1.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_10.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_11.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_12.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_13.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_14.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_15.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_2.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_3.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_4.txt            15          0         0         1         not found 
graph_15_0.1_5.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_6.txt            15          1         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_7.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_8.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.1_9.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.2_1.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.2_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_11.txt           15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.2_12.txt           15          0         0         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_14.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_2.txt            15          0         0         0         not found 
graph_15_0.2_3.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_5.txt            15          0         0         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_6.txt            15          1         0         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_7.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.2_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_11.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_14.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_2.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_3.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_5.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_7.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.3_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_11.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_14.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_2.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_3.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_5.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_7.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.4_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_11.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_14.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_2.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_3.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_5.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_7.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.5_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_11.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_14.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_2.txt            15          1         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_3.txt            15          1         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_5.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_7.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.6_9.txt            15          1         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_11.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.7_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_14.txt           15          1         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_15.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.7_2.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_3.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.7_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_5.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_7.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.7_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.7_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_1.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_10.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_11.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_12.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_13.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_14.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.8_15.txt           15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_2.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_3.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.8_4.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_5.txt            15          0         0         1         found     
graph_15_0.8_6.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_7.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.8_8.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.8_9.txt            15          0         -         -         found     
graph_15_0.9_1.txt            15          0         0         1         found     
graph_15_0.9_10.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_11.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_12.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_13.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_14.txt           15          0         0         1         found     
graph_15_0.9_15.txt           15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_2.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_3.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_4.txt            15          0         0         1         found     
graph_15_0.9_5.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_6.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_7.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_8.txt            15          1         0         0         found     
graph_15_0.9_9.txt            15          0         0         0         found     
graph_15_1.0_1.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_10.txt           15          0         0         3         not found 
graph_15_1.0_11.txt           15          0         1         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_12.txt           15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_13.txt           15          0         0         1         not found 
graph_15_1.0_14.txt           15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_15.txt           15          0         0         3         not found 
graph_15_1.0_2.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_3.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_4.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_5.txt            15          0         0         3         not found 
graph_15_1.0_6.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_7.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_8.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_15_1.0_9.txt            15          0         0         2         not found 
graph_16_0.1_1.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_10.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_11.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_12.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_13.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_14.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_15.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_2.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_3.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_4.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_5.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_6.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_7.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_8.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.1_9.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_1.txt            16          1         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_10.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_11.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_12.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_13.txt           16          1         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_2.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_3.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_4.txt            16          0         0         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_5.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_6.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_7.txt            16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.2_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.2_9.txt            16          1         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.3_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_10.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_11.txt           16          1         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_12.txt           16          0         0         0         not found 
graph_16_0.3_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_3.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_6.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.3_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_10.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_11.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_12.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_3.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_6.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.4_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_10.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_11.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_12.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_3.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_6.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.5_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_10.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_11.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_12.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_3.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_6.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.6_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_10.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_11.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_12.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_3.txt            16          0         0         1         found     
graph_16_0.7_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_6.txt            16          1         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_8.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.7_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_10.txt           16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.8_11.txt           16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.8_12.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_13.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_14.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_15.txt           16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_2.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_3.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.8_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_5.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.8_6.txt            16          1         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_7.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.8_8.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.8_9.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.9_1.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.9_10.txt           16          0         0         1         found     
graph_16_0.9_11.txt           16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_12.txt           16          0         0         1         found     
graph_16_0.9_13.txt           16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_14.txt           16          1         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_15.txt           16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_2.txt            16          0         1         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_3.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_4.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.9_5.txt            16          0         -         -         found     
graph_16_0.9_6.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_7.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_0.9_8.txt            16          0         0         1         found     
graph_16_0.9_9.txt            16          0         0         0         found     
graph_16_1.0_1.txt            16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_10.txt           16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_11.txt           16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_12.txt           16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_13.txt           16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_14.txt           16          0         0         2         not found 
graph_16_1.0_15.txt           16          0         0         2         not found 
graph_16_1.0_2.txt            16          0         0         1         not found 
graph_16_1.0_3.txt            16          0         0         1         not found 
graph_16_1.0_4.txt            16          0         0         2         not found 
graph_16_1.0_5.txt            16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_6.txt            16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_7.txt            16          0         0         2         not found 
graph_16_1.0_8.txt            16          0         0         3         not found 
graph_16_1.0_9.txt            16          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_0.1_1.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_10.txt           17          1         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_11.txt           17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_12.txt           17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_13.txt           17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_14.txt           17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_15.txt           17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_2.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_3.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_4.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_5.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_6.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_7.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_8.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.1_9.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.2_1.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.2_10.txt           17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_2.txt            17          0         0         0         not found 
graph_17_0.2_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_4.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_6.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_7.txt            17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.2_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_1.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_13.txt           17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_4.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_6.txt            17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_7.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.3_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_1.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_4.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_6.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_7.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.4_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_1.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_4.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_6.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_7.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.5_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_1.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_4.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_6.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_7.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.6_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_1.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_11.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_3.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_4.txt            17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_5.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_6.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_7.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_8.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.7_9.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_1.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_10.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_11.txt           17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_12.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_15.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_2.txt            17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.8_3.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_4.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_5.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_6.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_7.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_8.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.8_9.txt            17          1         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.9_1.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_10.txt           17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_11.txt           17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_12.txt           17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_13.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.9_14.txt           17          0         -         -         found     
graph_17_0.9_15.txt           17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_2.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_3.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_4.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_5.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_6.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_7.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_8.txt            17          0         0         0         found     
graph_17_0.9_9.txt            17          0         0         1         found     
graph_17_1.0_1.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_10.txt           17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_11.txt           17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_12.txt           17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_13.txt           17          0         0         3         not found 
graph_17_1.0_14.txt           17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_15.txt           17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_2.txt            17          0         0         3         not found 
graph_17_1.0_3.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_4.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_5.txt            17          0         0         3         not found 
graph_17_1.0_6.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_7.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_8.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_17_1.0_9.txt            17          0         0         2         not found 
graph_18_0.1_1.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_10.txt           18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.1_12.txt           18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_13.txt           18          1         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_14.txt           18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_15.txt           18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_2.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.1_4.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_5.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_6.txt            18          0         0         -         found     
graph_18_0.1_7.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_8.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.1_9.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.2_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_10.txt           18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_2.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.2_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.2_9.txt            18          0         0         0         not found 
graph_18_0.3_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_10.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.3_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_10.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_8.txt            18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.4_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_10.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.5_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_10.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.6_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_10.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_12.txt           18          0         0         1         found     
graph_18_0.7_13.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_14.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_15.txt           18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_3.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_5.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_6.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_7.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.7_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_1.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_10.txt           18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_11.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_12.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_13.txt           18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_14.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.8_15.txt           18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_2.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_3.txt            18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_4.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_5.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.8_6.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.8_7.txt            18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.8_9.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.9_1.txt            18          0         1         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_10.txt           18          1         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.9_11.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_12.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_13.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_14.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_15.txt           18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_2.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_3.txt            18          0         1         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_4.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_5.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_6.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_7.txt            18          0         0         0         found     
graph_18_0.9_8.txt            18          0         -         -         found     
graph_18_0.9_9.txt            18          0         0         1         found     
graph_18_1.0_1.txt            18          0         0         5         not found 
graph_18_1.0_10.txt           18          0         0         5         not found 
graph_18_1.0_11.txt           18          0         1         4         not found 
graph_18_1.0_12.txt           18          0         0         4         not found 
graph_18_1.0_13.txt           18          0         0         2         not found 
graph_18_1.0_14.txt           18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_15.txt           18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_2.txt            18          0         0         2         not found 
graph_18_1.0_3.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_4.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_5.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_6.txt            18          0         1         2         not found 
graph_18_1.0_7.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_8.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_18_1.0_9.txt            18          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_0.1_1.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_10.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_11.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_12.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_13.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_14.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_15.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_2.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_3.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.1_5.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_6.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_7.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_8.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.1_9.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.2_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_10.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_12.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.2_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_15.txt           19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.2_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_3.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_5.txt            19          0         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.2_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_7.txt            19          1         0         0         not found 
graph_19_0.2_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.2_9.txt            19          0         0         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_10.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_15.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_3.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_7.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.3_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_10.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_15.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_3.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_7.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.4_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_10.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_15.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_3.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_7.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.5_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_10.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_15.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_3.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_4.txt            19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_7.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.6_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_1.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_10.txt           19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_11.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_13.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_15.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_2.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_3.txt            19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_7.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_8.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.7_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_1.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.8_10.txt           19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_11.txt           19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.8_12.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_13.txt           19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_14.txt           19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_15.txt           19          1         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_2.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.8_3.txt            19          0         1         0         found     
graph_19_0.8_4.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_5.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_6.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.8_7.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.8_8.txt            19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.8_9.txt            19          0         -         -         found     
graph_19_0.9_1.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_10.txt           19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.9_11.txt           19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_12.txt           19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_13.txt           19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.9_14.txt           19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_15.txt           19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_2.txt            19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.9_3.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_4.txt            19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.9_5.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_6.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_7.txt            19          0         0         1         found     
graph_19_0.9_8.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_0.9_9.txt            19          0         0         0         found     
graph_19_1.0_1.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_10.txt           19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_11.txt           19          0         1         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_12.txt           19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_13.txt           19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_14.txt           19          0         0         4         not found 
graph_19_1.0_15.txt           19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_2.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_3.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_4.txt            19          0         0         4         not found 
graph_19_1.0_5.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_6.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_7.txt            19          0         0         4         not found 
graph_19_1.0_8.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_19_1.0_9.txt            19          0         0         3         not found 
graph_2_0.1_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.1_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.2_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.3_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.4_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.5_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.6_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_12.txt            2           1         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_5.txt             2           1         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.7_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.8_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_0.9_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_1.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_10.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_11.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_12.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_13.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_14.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_15.txt            2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_2.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_3.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_4.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_5.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_6.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_7.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_8.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_2_1.0_9.txt             2           0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_1.txt            20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_10.txt           20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.1_12.txt           20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_13.txt           20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_14.txt           20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_15.txt           20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_2.txt            20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_3.txt            20          1         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.1_5.txt            20          0         1         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_6.txt            20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.1_8.txt            20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.1_9.txt            20          0         0         0         not found 
graph_20_0.2_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_8.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.2_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_8.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.3_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_8.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.4_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_8.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.5_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_8.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.6_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_1.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_14.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_5.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_6.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_7.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_8.txt            20          1         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.7_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_1.txt            20          0         0         1         found     
graph_20_0.8_10.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_11.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_12.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_13.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_14.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.8_15.txt           20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_2.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_3.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_4.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.8_5.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.8_6.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.8_7.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.8_8.txt            20          0         0         1         found     
graph_20_0.8_9.txt            20          0         -         -         found     
graph_20_0.9_1.txt            20          0         0         1         found     
graph_20_0.9_10.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_11.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_12.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_13.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_14.txt           20          0         1         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_15.txt           20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_2.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_3.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_4.txt            20          0         0         1         found     
graph_20_0.9_5.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_6.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_7.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_0.9_8.txt            20          0         0         1         found     
graph_20_0.9_9.txt            20          0         0         0         found     
graph_20_1.0_1.txt            20          0         0         3         not found 
graph_20_1.0_10.txt           20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_11.txt           20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_12.txt           20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_13.txt           20          0         0         3         not found 
graph_20_1.0_14.txt           20          0         0         3         not found 
graph_20_1.0_15.txt           20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_2.txt            20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_3.txt            20          0         0         4         not found 
graph_20_1.0_4.txt            20          0         0         3         not found 
graph_20_1.0_5.txt            20          0         0         1         not found 
graph_20_1.0_6.txt            20          0         0         7         not found 
graph_20_1.0_7.txt            20          0         0         1         not found 
graph_20_1.0_8.txt            20          0         0         7         not found 
graph_20_1.0_9.txt            20          0         0         2         not found 
graph_3_0.1_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.1_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.2_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.3_9.txt             3           0         0         1         not found 
graph_3_0.4_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_7.txt             3           0         0         1         not found 
graph_3_0.4_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.4_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.5_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.6_9.txt             3           0         0         1         not found 
graph_3_0.7_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_14.txt            3           0         0         1         not found 
graph_3_0.7_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.7_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.8_9.txt             3           0         1         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_0.9_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_1.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_10.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_11.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_12.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_13.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_14.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_15.txt            3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_2.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_3.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_4.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_5.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_6.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_7.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_8.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_3_1.0_9.txt             3           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_6.txt             4           1         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.1_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.2_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_14.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.3_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.3_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_10.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.4_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.4_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.5_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_5.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.6_6.txt             4           0         0         1         not found 
graph_4_0.6_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.6_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_12.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.7_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_15.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.7_2.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.7_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.7_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_1.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.8_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_12.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.8_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_2.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.8_3.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.8_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.8_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_1.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_10.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_12.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_15.txt            4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_4.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_7.txt             4           0         0         -         found     
graph_4_0.9_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_0.9_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_1.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_10.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_11.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_12.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_13.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_14.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_15.txt            4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_2.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_3.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_4.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_5.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_6.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_7.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_8.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_4_1.0_9.txt             4           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_1.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_14.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_3.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.1_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_1.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_14.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_3.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.2_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_1.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_14.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_3.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.3_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_1.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_11.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.4_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_14.txt            5           0         0         1         not found 
graph_5_0.4_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_3.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.4_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.4_9.txt             5           1         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_1.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_11.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.5_12.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.5_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_14.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_3.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.5_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.5_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_1.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.6_10.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_12.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_14.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_2.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_3.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_4.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_6.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.6_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.6_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.7_1.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_10.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_11.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_12.txt            5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.7_13.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_14.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_15.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_2.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_3.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.7_5.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.7_6.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.7_7.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.7_8.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.7_9.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.8_1.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_10.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_11.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_12.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_13.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_14.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_15.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_2.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_3.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.8_5.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_0.8_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.8_7.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_8.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.8_9.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_1.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_10.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.9_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.9_13.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_14.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_15.txt            5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_2.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_3.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.9_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_0.9_5.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_6.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_7.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_8.txt             5           0         0         -         found     
graph_5_0.9_9.txt             5           0         0         0         found     
graph_5_1.0_1.txt             5           1         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_10.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_11.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_12.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_13.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_14.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_15.txt            5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_2.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_3.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_4.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_5.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_6.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_7.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_8.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_5_1.0_9.txt             5           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_10.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_11.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_14.txt            6           0         0         1         not found 
graph_6_0.1_15.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_4.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_5.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_6.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_7.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_8.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.1_9.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_10.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_11.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.2_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_14.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_15.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_4.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_5.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_6.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_7.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_8.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.2_9.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_10.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_11.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_14.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_15.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_2.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.3_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_4.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_5.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.3_6.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_7.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.3_8.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.3_9.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_10.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_11.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_14.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.4_15.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.4_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_4.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_5.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_6.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_7.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.4_8.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.4_9.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_10.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_11.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_13.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_14.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_15.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.5_4.txt             6           0         0         1         found     
graph_6_0.5_5.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_6.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_7.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_8.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.5_9.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.6_1.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.6_10.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_11.txt            6           0         0         1         not found 
graph_6_0.6_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.6_13.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_14.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_15.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.6_3.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_4.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_5.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.6_6.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_7.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_8.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.6_9.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.7_10.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_11.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_12.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_13.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_14.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_15.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_2.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_3.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_4.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_5.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_6.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_7.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.7_8.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.7_9.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.8_1.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_10.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_11.txt            6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_12.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_13.txt            6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_14.txt            6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.8_15.txt            6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.8_2.txt             6           0         -         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_3.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.8_4.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_5.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_6.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.8_7.txt             6           0         0         -         found     
graph_6_0.8_8.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.8_9.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_1.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_10.txt            6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_11.txt            6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.9_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.9_14.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_0.9_15.txt            6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_2.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_3.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_4.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_5.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_6.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_7.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_8.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_0.9_9.txt             6           0         0         0         found     
graph_6_1.0_1.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_10.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_11.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_12.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_13.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_14.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_15.txt            6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_2.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_3.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_4.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_5.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_6.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_7.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_8.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_6_1.0_9.txt             6           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_1.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_10.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_11.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_12.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_15.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_2.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_4.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_5.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_6.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_7.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_8.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.1_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_1.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_10.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_11.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_12.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_15.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_2.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_4.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_5.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_6.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.2_7.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_8.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.2_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_1.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.3_10.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_11.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_12.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_15.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_2.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_3.txt             7           0         0         1         not found 
graph_7_0.3_4.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.3_5.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.3_6.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_7.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.3_8.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.3_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_1.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_10.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_11.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.4_12.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_15.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.4_2.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.4_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_4.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_5.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_6.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_7.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_8.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.4_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.5_1.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_10.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_11.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_12.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.5_14.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_15.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_2.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_3.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_4.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.5_5.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_6.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.5_7.txt             7           0         0         0         found     
graph_7_0.5_8.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.5_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.6_1.txt             7           0         0         0         found     
graph_7_0.6_10.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_11.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_12.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_13.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_14.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_15.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_2.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_3.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_4.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_5.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_6.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_7.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_8.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.6_9.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_1.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_10.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_11.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_12.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_13.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_14.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_15.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_2.txt             7           0         0         0         found     
graph_7_0.7_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.7_4.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_5.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_6.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_7.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_8.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.7_9.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_1.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_10.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_11.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_12.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_13.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_14.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_15.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_2.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_3.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_4.txt             7           0         0         0         found     
graph_7_0.8_5.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_6.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_7.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_8.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.8_9.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_1.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_10.txt            7           0         0         1         found     
graph_7_0.9_11.txt            7           0         0         0         found     
graph_7_0.9_12.txt            7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_13.txt            7           0         0         1         found     
graph_7_0.9_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.9_15.txt            7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_2.txt             7           1         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.9_4.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_5.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_6.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_7.txt             7           0         -         -         found     
graph_7_0.9_8.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_0.9_9.txt             7           0         0         -         found     
graph_7_1.0_1.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_10.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_11.txt            7           0         0         1         not found 
graph_7_1.0_12.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_13.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_14.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_15.txt            7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_2.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_3.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_4.txt             7           0         0         1         not found 
graph_7_1.0_5.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_6.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_7.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_8.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_7_1.0_9.txt             7           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_1.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_10.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_11.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_12.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_13.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_14.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_15.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_2.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_3.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_4.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_5.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_6.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_7.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.1_9.txt             8           1         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_1.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_10.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_11.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_12.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_13.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_14.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_15.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_2.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_3.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.2_4.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_5.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_6.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_7.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.2_9.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_1.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_10.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_11.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_12.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_13.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_14.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_15.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_2.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_3.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_4.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_5.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_6.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.3_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.3_9.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.4_1.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.4_10.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.4_11.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_12.txt            8           0         0         1         not found 
graph_8_0.4_13.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_14.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_15.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_2.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_3.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_4.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_5.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_6.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.4_7.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.4_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.4_9.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.5_1.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_10.txt            8           1         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_11.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_12.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_13.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_14.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_15.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_2.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_3.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_4.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_5.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_6.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.5_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.5_9.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_1.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_10.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_11.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_12.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_13.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_14.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_15.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_2.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_3.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_4.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_5.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_6.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_8.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.6_9.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_1.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_10.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_11.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_12.txt            8           1         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_13.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_14.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_15.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.7_2.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.7_3.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_4.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.7_5.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_6.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.7_8.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.7_9.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_1.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_0.8_10.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_11.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_12.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_13.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.8_14.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.8_15.txt            8           1         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_2.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_3.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_4.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.8_5.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.8_6.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_8.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.8_9.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_1.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_10.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_11.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_12.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_13.txt            8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_14.txt            8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_15.txt            8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_2.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_3.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_4.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_5.txt             8           0         0         1         found     
graph_8_0.9_6.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_7.txt             8           0         -         -         found     
graph_8_0.9_8.txt             8           0         0         0         found     
graph_8_0.9_9.txt             8           0         0         -         found     
graph_8_1.0_1.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_10.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_11.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_12.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_13.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_14.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_15.txt            8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_2.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_3.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_4.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_5.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_6.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_7.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_8.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_8_1.0_9.txt             8           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_1.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_10.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_11.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_12.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_13.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_14.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_15.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_2.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_3.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_4.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_5.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_6.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_7.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_8.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.1_9.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_1.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_10.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_11.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_12.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_13.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_14.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_15.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.2_2.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_3.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_4.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.2_6.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_7.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_8.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.2_9.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_1.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_10.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_11.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_12.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_13.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.3_14.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_15.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_2.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_3.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.3_4.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.3_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.3_7.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.3_8.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.3_9.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_1.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_10.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_11.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.4_12.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_13.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.4_14.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_15.txt            9           1         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_2.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_3.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.4_4.txt             9           0         0         1         not found 
graph_9_0.4_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_7.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.4_8.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.4_9.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_1.txt             9           1         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_10.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_11.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_12.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_13.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_14.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_15.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_2.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_3.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_4.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_7.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_8.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.5_9.txt             9           1         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_1.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_10.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_11.txt            9           1         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_12.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_13.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_14.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_15.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_2.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_3.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_4.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_7.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_8.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.6_9.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_1.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_10.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_11.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_12.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_13.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_14.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_15.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_2.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_3.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_4.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_5.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_7.txt             9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_8.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.7_9.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_1.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_10.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_11.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_12.txt            9           0         0         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_13.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_14.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_15.txt            9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_2.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_3.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_4.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.8_5.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.8_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_7.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_8.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.8_9.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.9_1.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_10.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_11.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_12.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_13.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_14.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_15.txt            9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_2.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_0.9_3.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_4.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.9_5.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_6.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_0.9_7.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_8.txt             9           0         0         0         found     
graph_9_0.9_9.txt             9           0         -         -         found     
graph_9_1.0_1.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_10.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_11.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_12.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_13.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_14.txt            9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_15.txt            9           0         0         1         not found 
graph_9_1.0_2.txt             9           0         0         1         not found 
graph_9_1.0_3.txt             9           0         0         1         not found 
graph_9_1.0_4.txt             9           0         0         1         not found 
graph_9_1.0_5.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_6.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_7.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_8.txt             9           0         0         0         not found 
graph_9_1.0_9.txt             9           0         0         1         not found 
